README.md, before:

# Easy multi Django apps on AWS w/ Nginx
#### Designed for usage with https://github.com/GuiFV/django-quickstart
### Requirements

- linux instance deployed on AWS
- docker installed on instance
- registered domains pointed to instance (Public IPv4 address)
- SSL for domains
  - (optional) route domains DNS through Cloudflare for free SSL

### Step 1
1. access your linux instance
2. copy "Dockerfile" and "conf.d" to main folder (the one you land on when access via ssh, usually '../home/ec2-user')
3. git pull your django apps (on the same folder) respecting the docker-compose.yml notes on the link above

#### Change the following:
- on Dockerfile, change website_1 and website_2 for the names of your apps (this helps with identification)
- under conf.d, change the name of the files to the same as the item above
- under docker-compose.yml change the volumes names directories so the paths are correct, like the item above
- inside each .conf, change the domain to the respective app domain
- notice that each app will be exposed in a different proxy_pass (in the default .conf files, 8000 and 8001)
- don't forget to change for the same port on the docker-compose.yml file on the respective application (command:gunicorn and expose:)

### Step 2
- go to each application folder and spin them up with docker-compose 
- go back to main folder and run `docker-compose up -d --build`
- navigate to each app ur - they should be served correctly (don't forget to 'collectstatic' each one)

### Serving more apps on the same server
By replicating the .conf calls in the Dockerfile and creating their respective .conf files, you can serve as many applications as your instance can handle

Commit message:

update static files paths and routing

README.md, after:

# Easy multi Django apps on AWS w/ Nginx
#### Designed for usage with https://github.com/GuiFV/django-quickstart
### Requirements

- linux instance deployed on AWS
- docker installed on instance
- registered domains pointed to instance (Public IPv4 address)
- SSL for domains
  - (optional) route domains DNS through Cloudflare for free SSL

### Step 1 - setup
1. access your linux instance
2. copy "Dockerfile" and "conf.d" to main folder (the one you land on when access via ssh, usually '../home/ec2-user')
3. git pull your django apps (on the same folder) respecting the docker-compose.yml notes on the link above

#### Change the following:
- on Dockerfile, change website_1 and website_2 for the names of your apps (this helps with identification)
- under conf.d, change the name of the files to the same as the item above
- under docker-compose.yml change the volumes names directories so the paths are correct, like the item above
- under each .conf file, change the static alias prefix for the names of your apps (they must match the static ones in the docker-compose)
- inside each .conf, change the domain to the respective app domain
- notice that each app will be exposed in a different proxy_pass (in this example, website_1 is on port 8000 and website_2 is on port 8001)
- don't forget to change for the same port on the docker-compose.yml file on the respective application (command:gunicorn and expose:)

### Step 2 - spin up each application and then the nginx
- go to each application folder
  - copy and do the necessary changes on the .env file 
  - spin it up with `docker-compose up -d --build`
  - migrate your database with `docker-compose run web python amanage.py migrate`
  - create a superuser with `docker-compose run web python amanage.py createsuperuser`
  - collect your static files `docker-compose run web python amanage.py collectstatic`
- lastly, go back to main folder (the one with the nginx docker files) and run `docker-compose up -d --build`
- open your browser and visit each app - they should be served correctly 

### Serving more apps on the same server
- replicate .conf paths in the Dockerfile, static alias in the docker-compose and create the respective .conf files for each app
- don't forget to expose each app in a different port
- you can serve as many applications as your instance can handle
